readme.md, before:

# Gulp-ImageOptim

Gulp plugin to optimize images using ImageOptim-CLI.

> Please note this plugin uses ImageOptim-CLI.  Unfortunately currently there is no support for Windows and Linux.


So why ImageOptim-CLI?  My personal experience and [current benchmarks](http://jamiemason.github.io/ImageOptim-CLI/) suggest that ImageOptim and ImageAlpha currently outperform alternatives over lossless and lossy optimizations.


## Install

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/gulp-imageoptim.png?mini=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/gulp-imageoptim/)
  

## Usage

```
var gulp = require('gulp');
var imageOptim = require('gulp-imageoptim');


gulp.task('images', function() {
    return gulp.src('src/images/**/*')
        .pipe(imageOptim.optimize())
        .pipe(gulp.dest('build/images'));
});
```


## FAQS

#### Does Gulp-ImageOptim use JPEGmini?

No.  JPEGmini is a paid-for product.  We are using ImageOptim-CLI (ImageOptim and ImageAlpha) without JPEGmini.


#### Can I use this plugin on Windows and Linux?

Unfortunately, ImageOptim and ImageAlpha are not available on those platforms yet.

Commit message:

Added Methods and Options sections to README

readme.md, after:

# Gulp-ImageOptim

Gulp plugin to optimize images using ImageOptim-CLI.

> Please note this plugin uses ImageOptim-CLI.  Unfortunately currently there is no support for Windows and Linux.


So why ImageOptim-CLI?  My personal experience and [current benchmarks](http://jamiemason.github.io/ImageOptim-CLI/) suggest that ImageOptim and ImageAlpha currently outperform alternatives over lossless and lossy optimizations.


## Install

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/gulp-imageoptim.png?mini=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/gulp-imageoptim/)
  

## Usage

```
var gulp = require('gulp');
var imageOptim = require('gulp-imageoptim');


gulp.task('images', function() {
    return gulp.src('src/images/**/*')
        .pipe(imageOptim.optimize())
        .pipe(gulp.dest('build/images'));
});
```


## Methods

### .optimize(options)

Optimize images using ImageOptim-CLI


## Options

### status

Set to false to disable optimize summary in console.

Type: Boolean  
Default: ` true `  


### prefix

Prefix to use for temp file for image being optimized.

Type: String
Default: ` imgOptim- `



## FAQS

#### Does Gulp-ImageOptim use JPEGmini?

No.  JPEGmini is a paid-for product.  We are using ImageOptim-CLI (ImageOptim and ImageAlpha) without JPEGmini.


#### Can I use this plugin on Windows and Linux?

Unfortunately, ImageOptim and ImageAlpha are not available on those platforms yet.
